MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Burak SÃœMER

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


============================================================================

Contributor License Agreement

By contributing to this project, you agree to grant the owner of the repository
a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, sublicense, and 
otherwise exploit your contributions, including any patents, copyrights, 
trademarks, or other intellectual property rights related to your contributions.

You represent and warrant that your contributions are original and do not
infringe upon the rights of any third parties. You also agree to waive any 
moral rights or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or 
integrity of the contributions that you may have under any applicable law.

The owner of the repository reserves the right to use, modify, distribute,
and commercialize the project and any contributions made to it, without any
obligation to provide attribution or compensation to the contributors.

By submitting a contribution to this project, you acknowledge that you have
read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this 
Contributor License Agreement.
